Added getting started section (#49)
fredrikhgrelland/vagrant-hashistack-template: getting_started_vagrantbox.md

## The goal of this guide 

> > :warning: Read the section `Description - what & why` in [README.md](/README.md) to get a quick introduction to what this repo is.

Reviewer: Add `Content` section?

Author: Yep, done now!

The goal of this guide is to give an introduction to the [vagrant hashistack box](https://vagrantcloud.com/fredrikhgrelland/hashistack), its features, and how to use it.

## What is the vagrant hashistack box

> The vagrant-hashistack box is a virtual machine built with [vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com/), using the code from [this repository](https://github.com/fredrikhgrelland/vagrant-hashistack/). It aims to simulate a hashistack ecosystem, and with the help of built in switches and services it is able to be tweaked to a user's needs. The Norwegian Tax Administration is using this box as a part of their CI/CD pipeline to test terraform modules in their microservice architecture. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The vagrant-hashistack box is a virtual machine built with [vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com/), using the code from [vagrant-hashistack](https://github.com/fredrikhgrelland/vagrant-hashistack/). It aims to simulate a hashistack ecosystem, and with the help of built in switches and services it is able to be tweaked to a user's needs. The Norwegian Tax Administration is using this box as a part of their CI/CD pipeline to test terraform modules in their microservice architecture. 
```

> The vagrant-hashistack box is a virtual machine built with [vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com/), using the code from [this repository](https://github.com/fredrikhgrelland/vagrant-hashistack/). It aims to simulate a hashistack ecosystem, and with the help of built in switches and services it is able to be tweaked to a user's needs. The Norwegian Tax Administration is using this box as a part of their CI/CD pipeline to test terraform modules in their microservice architecture. 

Reviewer 2: I would suggest do not mention this part
```suggestion
The vagrant-hashistack box is a virtual machine built with [vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com/), using the code from [vagrant-hashistack](https://github.com/fredrikhgrelland/vagrant-hashistack/). It aims to simulate a hashistack ecosystem, and with the help of built in switches and services it is able to be tweaked to a user's needs. 
```

Author: Is it that bad to mention? :( It's so cool!

But I guess I can see what you mean

Reviewer 2: Lets avoid risk

> :bulb: **Hashistack**, in current repository context, is a set of software products by [HashiCorp](https://www.hashicorp.com/).

> In the context of this template the box solves the problem of setting up a hashistack ecosystem, which is normally tedious and non-trivial, but with the box does it's done with one click.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the context of this template the box solves the problem of setting up a hashistack ecosystem, which is normally tedious and non-trivial, but with the box it's done with one click.  
```

### Vagrant box vs your local machine
It's important to note that your local machine and the running vagrant box (from now on called virtual machine) are two separate entities. The virtual machine is available at the IP `10.0.3.10` and our local machine is available at the IP `127.0.0.1`, or alternatively `localhost`.

TODO: generate PNG
```mermaid
graph TD
  subgraph local machine
    subgraph "virtual machine (10.0.3.10)"
        Consul
        Nomad
        Vault
        vagrant["/vagrant"]
        MinIO
        Other[Other softwares installed]
    end
    localhost["localhost (127.0.0.1)"]
    pwd["/<path-to-vagrantfile>"]
  end
  %% links
  Consul-->localhost
  Nomad-->localhost
  Vault-->localhost
  vagrant-->pwd
```

### Services inside box
The virtual machine has four services running:

|Name|port|
|:--|:-:|
|Consul|8500|
|Vault|8200|
|Nomad|4646|

> |MinIO|9000|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Name|port|virtual machine|local machine|
|:--|:-:|:--|:--|
|Consul|8500|10.0.3.10:8500|localhost:8500|
|Vault|8200|10.0.3.10:8200|localhost:8200|
|Nomad|4646|10.0.3.10:4646|localhost:4646|
|MinIO|9000|10.0.3.10:9000|-|
```
Could possibly be something like this, but might be too much?

Author: No, I like that!

As mentioned the virtual machine can be reached at `10.0.3.10`, meaning the services will be available at `10.0.3.10:<port-number>`. For convenience Consul, Vault, and Nomad have all been forwarded to `localhost` as well, meaning they are available at `localhost:<port-number>`. MinIO has _not_ been forwarded.  

### CLI-tools

> Nomad, Vault and Consul have their own CLI-tools to interact with the servers that are running. They all default to `localhost`, and the default ports mentioned above. This means you can download any of the binaries, and they will automatically be connected to the services running inside the virtual machine. Refer to [this section](#iteration-of-the-development-process) to see examples on how to use this.

Reviewer: Is `iteration-of-the-development-process` a upcoming section?

Author: Nope, missing link, in README, will fix

### Making artifacts available inside the box
As mentioned, the local and virtual machine are separate. To make something from our local machine (for example our code) available to the virtual machine we've got two options: 

#### 1. Synced folder
As mentioned earlier the virtual machine and local machine have a shared folder. In _all_ vagrant boxes the folder in which the `Vagrantfile` lies will be linked to `/vagrant` inside the box. In our case the `Vagrantfile` is in our root directory, the same as where this `getting_started.md` is.

#### 2. MinIO
Anything put in MinIO will be available to the virtual machine. Two methods are available to upload to MinIO: 

- 1. Upload files via the UI at `10.0.3.10:9000`. 
- 2. _All_ files put in the root directory (same as this file) will be automatically synced with MinIO

> See [pushing docker image](#pushing-resources-to-minio-with-ansible-docker-image) and [fetching docker image](#fetching-resources-from-minio-with-nomad-docker-image) for examples on how to upload a docker image. We will be using this later in the guide.

Reviewer: Is `pushing-resources-to-minio-with-ansible-docker-image` and `fetching-resources-from-minio-with-nomad-docker-image` upcoming sections?

Author: in README, forgot to change, will fix

### Making artifacts available inside the box
As mentioned, the local and virtual machine are separate. To make something from our local machine (for example our code) available to the virtual machine we've got two options: 

#### 1. Synced folder
As mentioned earlier the virtual machine and local machine have a shared folder. In _all_ vagrant boxes the folder in which the `Vagrantfile` lies will be linked to `/vagrant` inside the box. In our case the `Vagrantfile` is in our root directory, the same as where this `getting_started.md` is.

#### 2. MinIO
Anything put in MinIO will be available to the virtual machine. Two methods are available to upload to MinIO: 

- 1. Upload files via the UI at `10.0.3.10:9000`. 
- 2. _All_ files put in the root directory (same as this file) will be automatically synced with MinIO

> See [pushing docker image](/README.md#pushing-resources-to-minio-with-ansible-docker-image) and [fetching docker image](/README.md#fetching-resources-from-minio-with-nomad-docker-image) for
>  examples on how to upload a docker image. We will be using this later in the guide.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See [pushing docker image](/README.md#pushing-resources-to-minio-with-ansible-docker-image) and [fetching docker image](/README.md#fetching-resources-from-minio-with-nomad-docker-image) for examples on how to upload a docker image.
We will be using this later in the guide.
```

TODO: generate PNG
```mermaid
graph TD
  subgraph local machine
    subgraph "virtual machine (10.0.3.10)"
        Consul
        Nomad
        Vault
        vagrant["/vagrant"]
        MinIO
        Other[Other softwares installed]
    end
    localhost["localhost (127.0.0.1)"]
    pwd["/<path-to-vagrantfile>"]
  end
  %% links
  Consul-->localhost
  Nomad-->localhost
  Vault-->localhost
  vagrant-->pwd
```

### Services inside box
The virtual machine has four services running:

|Name|port|virtual machine|local machine|
|:---|:---:|:---|:---|
|Consul|8500|10.0.3.10:8500|localhost:8500|
|Vault|8200|10.0.3.10:8200|localhost:8200|
|Nomad|4646|10.0.3.10:4646|localhost:4646|
|MinIO|9000|10.0.3.10:9000|-|

As mentioned the virtual machine can be reached at `10.0.3.10`, meaning the services will be available at `10.0.3.10:<port-number>`. For convenience Consul, Vault, and Nomad have all been forwarded to `localhost` as well, meaning they are available at `localhost:<port-number>`. MinIO has _not_ been forwarded.  

### CLI-tools

> Nomad, Vault and Consul have their own CLI-tools to interact with the servers that are running. They all default to `localhost`, and the default ports mentioned above. This
>  means you can download any of the binaries, and use them against the services inside the virtual machine. Refer to [Iteration of The Development
>   process
>  ](./README.md#iteration-of-the-development-process) to see
>   examples on how to use this.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Nomad, Vault and Consul have their own CLI-tools to interact with the servers that are running. They all default to `localhost`, and the default ports mentioned above.
This means you can download any of the binaries, and use them against the services inside the virtual machine. Refer to [Iteration of The Development process](./README.md#iteration-of-the-development-process) to see examples of how to use this.
```

### CLI-tools
Nomad, Vault and Consul have their own CLI-tools to interact with the servers that are running. They all default to `localhost`, and the default ports mentioned above. This

>  means you can download any of the binaries, and they will automatically be connected to the services running inside the virtual machine. Refer to [Iteration of The Development

Reviewer 2: Not sure that I understand the correctly part, where binaries will automatically be connected after downloading.

1. Binaries already available in PATH inside vm
2. User can also download binaries on the local machines and use them

```suggestion
 means you can download any of the binaries, and use them against vagrant-hashistack. Refer to [Iteration of The Development
```

Author: ```suggestion
 means you can download any of the binaries, and use them against the services inside the virtual machine. Refer to [Iteration of The Development
```
